the size of the seat foam sheet
overhang 20 millimeters more than
seed and rounding corners are not done
50 or 40 millimeters thick foam
ours is not why we make two seats from
foam rubber 30 millimeters seat
make foam rubber 40 50
we don't have the newest millimeters
40 or 50 millimeter foam rubber customer
brought your foam with a thickness of 30 mm
cut two blanks of foam rubber
30 millimeters thick turned out very
soft seat of sold for 60 minutes
the customer wanted the memory to be them and
raise to the bottom of standard chairs and
need to know even thinner
harsh round the edges
we prepare risotto with glue we put on the seat
the grounds
rusted photo through the foam nosenko
body
stains put the seat
Now we put glue on the first sheet
foam and butt
2 Foam Zatoka is almost ready too
doing stock let plumbing there we
each side
we cut off excess fabric
Here you spoil the seat gets a commodity
view
It looks like the seat after the replacement
foam and fabric